Replace `@fastify/express` with in-repo adapter (#80)
digitalbazaar/bedrock-express: CHANGELOG.md

# bedrock-express ChangeLog

## 8.7.0 - 2026-xx-xx

### Added
- Preserve backwards compatibility for `fastify.express`. `@fastify/express`
  used to decorate the fastify instance with an `express` property; the fastify
  instance is now decorated with the root express `app` so external consumers
  that read `fastify.express` continue to work.

### Removed
- **BREAKING (undocumented API):** Removed the undocumented `fastify.use`
  method. Its only purpose was internally mounting the express `app`; this is
  now handled directly by the new express adapter. Modules should continue to
  use the documented `bedrock-express.configure.*` event API.
- Removed the `@fastify/express` dependency. The small amount of behavior
  needed to run express inside fastify is now provided by an in-repo adapter

>   (`lib/express-adapter.js`).

Reviewer: This is *probably* fine. Let's proceed with this being removed as unused and we can add it back in if it causes breakage. Some tweaks to the language:

```suggestion
### Removed
- **BREAKING (undocumented API):** Removed the undocumented `fastify.use`
  method. Its only purpose was internally mounting the express `app`; this is
  now handled directly by the new, internal express adapter. Modules should
  continue to use the documented `bedrock-express.configure.*` event API.
- Removed the `@fastify/express` dependency. The small amount of behavior
  needed to run express inside fastify is now provided by an internal adapter.
```

Reviewer: Oh, also, we alphabetize headers in changelogs, so move Removed below Changed.

Author: Applied your suggested wording in e143cc8.

Author: Done — reordered to Added, Changed, Removed.

### Changed
- Replaced `@fastify/express` and the reactive monkeypatching around it with a

>   minimal in-repo express adapter. The request URL is no longer decoded or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  minimal internal express adapter. The request URL is no longer decoded or
```

Author: Applied.
